Document custom resource encryption support (#38109)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kms-provider.md

To encrypt the data:

> 1. Create a new `EncryptionConfiguration` file using the appropriate properties for the `kms` provider to encrypt resources like Secrets and ConfigMaps. Custom Resources can be encrypted starting v1.26.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a new `EncryptionConfiguration` file using the appropriate properties for the `kms` provider to encrypt resources like Secrets and ConfigMaps.
   If you want to encrypt an extension API that is defined in a CustomResourceDefinition, your
   cluster must be running Kubernetes v1.26 or newer.
```

To encrypt the data:

> 1. Create a new `EncryptionConfiguration` file using the appropriate properties for the `kms` provider to encrypt resources like Secrets and ConfigMaps. If you want to encrypt an extension API that is defined in a CustomResourceDefinition, your cluster must be running Kubernetes v1.26 or newer.

Reviewer 2: and this one.
